To be able to kowtow and apologize
You are Yun Nian
Are you stupid?
Yun Nian is still the eldest and youngest of the first family in Yandu
Don't say you're a wild dog now
It's the real Mr. Li
What qualifications do we have to kowtow and apologize?
I saw that 80% of them are not stealing jobs, right?
Intentionally provoke us
I want us to end it quickly, hahahahaha.
A down-and-out phoenix is not as good as a chicken
It's hard for a wild dog.
Hahahaha
The sister of my child's treasure
It died at my hands
It's my little cub who only cries
Strangle
So you're all excited?
Zhao Jun called
This is how you behave as a soldier
Cao Cao, do you know?
For this
The Shen family gave me 100 million
And where I am now
That's right.
And the little cub who was pinching his fingers at that time
The video is still on my phone
Would you like to enjoy it with me?
Military playground
I have to talk to you about this
As soon as you cut the meat
Police Commander
Beating up senior military officials
You have to die ten times for this
As a soldier
You don't keep yourself clean and guard one side to judge
Long lost history
Just do something unconscionable
All of you.
Is it the same as him?
What is it?
Dare to tell us here
City Lord of Tiandu called
Roll to Li's Ancestral Hall within 3 minutes
Clean up your rubbish